i want to add a story line to my game where the age of expansion is all about
 colonization and industry expansion. the draw cards should force players to make
  choices regarding their characters role so all 12 cards will need to be 
  re-written and the result of their choices will vary depending on their role but 
  the cards must be worded in such a way that the player is left unsure if the 
  choice would be good or bad for their role. so for the age of expansion the 
  colonialist and the entrepreneur would be trying to expand their territory either 
  geographically or commercially and the revolutionary and the artist would be 
  trying to stop them. the politician would be trying to secure votes by promising 
  to be on everyones side and the historian would be concerned with the preservation 
  of buildings and artifacts that the expansion was destroying. t



 the storyline for the age of resistance is going to 
be that now the expansion is done discontent has been sown in to the populace. 
their is resistance to the political party, resistance to the globolization and 
large corporations that dominate the landscape. riots and protests are common as 
people band together to try to bring back the good old days. the politician and 
the colonialist are particularily vulnerable whereas the historian and the artist 
find unexpected strength in this age. the historian  finds growing influence as 
people yearn for the past and the artist finds growing wealth as people use culture 
as a way to rebel. the revolutionary may find knowledge in unexpected places and 
the entrepreneur struggles to maintain commercial success as the tide of public 
opinion turns against them



the storyline for the age of reckoning is that all debts must be paid.  
the revolution is over and now is the time all will be held accountable. 
Everywhere you see signs of the revolution and resistance. those who were 
on the side of the defeated lead humble, quiet lives hoping to escape notice. 
those on the side of the victor, drunk with success are poised to become worse 
despots then the ones they displaced. a sense of unease permeates the air as 
some people begin to question the stability of their new order while others take
 joy in battles fought and won. the only thing everyone can agree on is the 
 fighting must end. the historian is vulnerable here as people try to forget the 
 past, the losers try to forget what they lost while the winners try to forget 
 what they have done. the historian struggles with dwindling influence. the 
 entrepreneur find some strength here as the creation of new jobs is welcome and
  praised is such an economically unstable time. the politiciann and the artist 
  largely try to remain under the radar finding either stregngth or weakness 
  depending on their choices and the revolutionary, like the historian, struggles 
  to find anyone wtill willing to be;lieve in or support what seems like a lost 
  cause and ther reason for so much pain. the world has been changed but have 
  those in it truly embraced the changes or is there yet more to come?




the age of legacy. stability has tentatively been achieved. the economy is growing 
and everything seems content. but looks can be deceiving. is the turmoil of the 
past really over? what is the legacy that has been left behind? A truly good and 
honest politician? a entrepreneur who cares more for people then profit? a 
revolutionary who is willing to compromise for the good of everyone? A historian 
who tells more then just the victors tale? or maybe an artist who isnt trying to 
stir the pot? who holds the keys to power in this changed landscape and how will 
they use them?